As I am doing a Postgraduate Certificate programme and it has a special focus on practical skills, it is up to myself to gain knowledge on the more fundamental (yet still essential ) knowledge like how different programming languages have their strengths and specific usage scenarios.  I find the Programming Languages course a very relevant resource for me to build up my knowledge in this topic.
I am about to finish Programming Languages, Part A and I found it really challenging and awarding. This three-section course has a special focus on looking at different programming languages from a bigger scope, and see how they are connected with and differentiate with each other. This is why I am very excited to carry on my study to Part B, and gain a further understanding in functional programming.
Learning about different languages will also help me know how to communicate with people in the IT field who are working with different languages. Knowing about the language will be my first step to join in the professional community and evolve my knowledge and skills through communication.

I had been studying towards my Bachelor of Science in Psychology before, and during my part-time job as an HR assistant in an IT company, I had the chance to look into how people in the field of Information Technology work, which I found exciting and awarding. I then came to Coursera to further explore this interest, for example, I took the famous Nand to Tetris courses and and they have been really helpful in getting me to build up my fundamental knowledge and to feel more confident with moving to IT field. Towards the end of last year I decided to fully commit to changing my career direction to IT, and enrolled into the Postgraduate of Information Technology programme.
Switching to full-time studying is helping me to grow my knowledge faster, but it does start to put financial pressure on me when I reach out for further resources like online courses and extra readings. This is why I am applying for financial aid for this course, and I would really appreciate it if Coursera could kindly provide some support for me to carry on studying for more.